
                           _Betty Crocker’s_
                            FROSTING SECRETS


  • _Fancy cake decorating_
  • _New cake-trimming short cuts_
  • _Fabulous party cake ideas_




    The Frosting makes the cake and Betty Crocker Frosting Mix makes
                      perfect frosting every time




                                CONTENTS


  Quick frosting tricks                                                4
  Teaspoon scallops • Spatula spirals • Crisscross • Swirly squares
          • Plaid Cake • Christmas Ball Frosting • Hobnail Fudge
          Frosting • Glossy Web
  Teaspoon tricks with frosting mix                                    6
  Bunny • Dahlia • Easy Flowers
  Cherry Blossom Cake                                                  7
  Easy-does-it decorating                                              8
  Decorator icing with Betty Crocker Fluffy White Frosting Mix
  Cross-stitch Cake                                                   10
  Party-pretty Cakes                                                  12
  Forget-me-not Cake • Trellis Cake • Daisy Cake • Gift Wrapped Cake
  Birthday Cakes                                                      14
  Birthday Bouquets • Happy Birthday Cake • Flower Garden Cake •
          Circus Cake
  Doll Cake                                                           16
  Party Petit Fours
  Holiday Cakes                                                       18
  Sugarplum Tree • Clown Cake • Easter Bonnet Cake • Valentine Cake
  Wedding Cake                                                        20
  Quick Homemade Candies                                              22
  Frozen Desserts, Specialty Frostings                                23

            © 1958 General Mills, Inc.    Printed in U.S.A.

    [Illustration: Betty Crocker]

Welcome! Come join us in the fun of frosting glamorous decorated cakes!
It’s surprising how easy it is, once you get the knack of it. Our Fluffy
White Frosting Mix is a big help—it makes a decorator icing that’s
always smooth and easy-flowing.

Your very first cake will be pretty enough to be proud of! And if it
isn’t absolutely perfect, please don’t be discouraged—the practice
you’ve had will make your next cake much, much easier. To start, try the
quick-as-a-wink tricks that don’t need a decorator set. And try the
candies and desserts from our frosting mixes—easy shortcuts to delicious
treats!
                                                         {Betty Crocker}

_P. S._ Before you decorate, you have to _frost_ your cake! These tips
will help!

    [Illustration: After cooling cake thoroughly on rack, brush all the
    loose crumbs away with your fingers before frosting the cake.]

    [Illustration: Set one layer upside down on plate; frost top with
    about ⅓ of frosting. Set other layer on top, right-side-up.]

    [Illustration: Frost SIDES first, then top. Make attractive swirls
    with spatula, or leave smooth for added designs.]

Choose one of our five frosting mixes to be sure of perfect
frosting—always creamy-smooth and easy-spreading!




                     Quick and easy Frosting tricks
                     _no special equipment needed!_


With a fork, spoon, spatula, or a piece of string, you can make your
frosting “fancy”  ... as the simple ideas on these pages show. And with
our Betty Crocker Frosting Mixes, you can be sure of perfect
frosting—always just right to handle easily.

Use Betty Crocker Chocolate Fudge, Chocolate Malt, or Peanut Creme
Frosting Mix for these tricks:

    [Illustration: Scallops—With teaspoon inverted, press tip into
    frosted cake. Repeat in rows across cake for all over design.]

    [Illustration: Spiral—Hold spatula at center of frosted cake.
    Gradually draw spatula toward you, while turning cake.]

    [Illustration: Crisscross—Draw tines of fork across cake. Repeat at
    right angles to first markings. Place colorful candies in squares.]

    [Illustration: Swirly squares—Draw lines through frosting with
    knife. Repeat at right angles, drawing lines in opposite ways.]




                The Frosting on the cake shows you care

    [Illustration: Plaid Cake—Use Betty Crocker Fluffy White Frosting
    Mix. Frost cake. Dip string in food coloring; stretching it taut,
    press into frosting. Repeat. Use new string for each color. Make up
    your own plaid design.]

    [Illustration: Christmas Balls—Use Betty Crocker Malt Frosting Mix.
    Frost cake. Save ¼ cup frosting. Cut tiny corner off envelope.
    Squeeze frosting through envelope to trim vari-colored flat mints.
    Press onto cake.]

    [Illustration: Hobnail Fudge Frosting—Use Betty Crocker Chocolate
    Fudge Frosting Mix. Frost top of cake thickly. Press down with bowl
    of teaspoon, swirl slightly; draw up sharply. Repeat for an all over
    hobnail design.]

    [Illustration: Glossy Web—Use Betty Crocker Peanut Creme Frosting
    Mix. Frost cake. Melt 1 sq. unsweetened chocolate (1 oz.). Dip knife
    in chocolate. Mark circles on top of cake. Draw knife out from
    center for web.]




                   _For glamor in a hurry, try these_
                            Teaspoon Tricks
                           with Frosting Mix!


_Quick Tricks_ with Betty Crocker Fluffy White Frosting Mix.

    [Illustration: Bunny: Tint ½ cup frosting pink. Fill teaspoon with
    frosting; with second spoon, ease off mounds of frosting for body
    and head of bunny. Dabs of white frosting make “cottontail” and
    ears. Add cinnamon candy eyes and coconut whiskers.]

    [Illustration: Dahlia: Tint 1 cup frosting yellow. Drop 10 mounds of
    frosting around center of cake. Draw out with spoon to make petal
    shapes. Add 10 smaller mounds for second layer of petals, pulling
    tips up with spoon. Shape center; decorate with silver dragées.]

Easy Flowers with Decorator Icing (p. 9)—or use Betty Crocker Chocolate
Fudge, Chocolate Malt, or Peanut Creme Frosting Mix. (½ cup makes 5 or 6
flowers.)

    [Illustration: Put a gumdrop on a toothpick. Fill tip end of
    teaspoon with icing, smooth it off along edge of cup.]

    [Illustration: Draw spoon gently down over gumdrop; off comes one
    petal. Continue around the gumdrop in same way.]

    [Illustration: Add a second row of petals. Place finished flower on
    cake. Remove toothpick. Repeat for flowers desired.]




                A cake’s crowning glory is its Frosting




                          Cherry Blossom Cake


    [Illustration: Cherry Blossom Cake]

    [Illustration: Cherry Blossom Cake: Use Betty Crocker Cherry Fluff
    Frosting Mix. Frost cake. Save ½ cup frosting; tint deeper pink with
    red food coloring. Half-fill teaspoon; with second teaspoon, ease
    each petal onto cake. Sprinkle centers with yellow sugar.]




                          Your Decorating Set


Many different decorating tips are available—but these basic 5 will make
all the glamor cakes shown in this book. If you have a set, select these
tips by their numbers. Or you can get this basic set for $1.00 ... see
details on p. 23.

    [Illustration: #4 writing tip ... used for writing, lattice designs,
    and other delicate patterns.]

    [Illustration: #28 star tip ... used for smaller borders, simple
    flowers, and fancy letters.]

    [Illustration: #104 petal tip ... makes petals for roses and other
    flowers, also flat ribbons and borders.]

    [Illustration: #68 leaf tip ... makes leaves, long petals, delicate
    lace borders, and edgings.]

    [Illustration: #96 flower tip ... makes many flowers like rosettes
    by a simple twist of the cone.]




                Betty Crocker Fluffy White Frosting Mix
              makes a wonderful can’t-fail Decorator Icing

No need to make up a special separate batch of icing to decorate your
cake! One package makes plenty to frost your cake and decorate it, too:




To 1 cup prepared Fluffy White Frosting...

Blend in 1 to 1½ cups _sifted_ confectioners’ sugar (add a little at a
      time until frosting is stiff enough to hold its shape)....

Blend in 1 tbsp. soft butter and a dash of salt.

Note: Increase sugar and butter when using more than 1 cup frosting.

_Is it thick enough? Is it thin enough?_ Try a little with the tip you
plan to use. If too thin, blend in a little more confectioners’ sugar.
If too thick, blend in a drop or two of water.


HOW TO USE YOUR CONE

    [Illustration: 1 Fit tip tightly into cone with one finger. Fill
    about half full. Fold top to keep icing in.]

    [Illustration: 2 Hold near top of cone. Use other hand to guide tip.
    For most work, hold cone at 45° angle.]

    [Illustration: 3 For drop flowers and rosettes, hold cone straight
    up and down. Press out icing, twist cone, and release.]




                  Try out your decorator set with our
                           CROSS-STITCH CAKE


Here is a simple-to-start with cake that lets you have fun trying out
all the decorator tips.

Tip: have an inverted cake pan handy, to try a few practice strokes on
the back. Afterwards, you can scrape the frosting off the pan and put it
back in your cone.


_Let’s get started!_

Bake cake in 15½×10½×1″ pan at 350° (mod. oven) for 25 min. Use 1 pkg.
Betty Crocker Fluffy White Frosting Mix to frost cake; save 1½ cups for
Decorator Icing (p. 9). Tint ½ cup icing pale green. Make ABC’s and
cross-stitch trim using #28 star tip. Use #4 writing tip for signature
and date. Make a few flower stems in corners. Add leaves with #68 leaf
tip. Tint ½ cup icing pink. Make roses, pansies, sweet peas using #104
petal tip (see below and next page). Tint ½ cup icing yellow. Make
rosettes with #96 flower tip. Use #4 writing tip for flower centers.

TO MAKE ROSES:

    [Illustration: 1 Use #104 petal tip and flower nail. Hold cone with
    narrow opening of tip always up. Turning clockwise, make tiny circle
    for center of rose.]

    [Illustration: 2 To form first petal, make standing half circle to
    one side of center. Add two more petals, forming triangle. Add
    petals, overlapping.]

    [Illustration: 3 Remove rose from nail with kitchen shears ... cut
    almost through base of rose, place on cake, cut completely through,
    ease rose off.]

    [Illustration: A perfect cake deserves a perfect Frosting]

Pansies: Use #104 petal tip. Hold cone with wide end of tip on cake.
Make 2 flat petals, side by side. Add two smaller petals over larger
petals. Connect with 1 larger petal. Add center.

Sweet Peas: Use #104 petal tip. Hold cone at 30° angle. Make one curved
upright petal. Repeat on each side, making petals slightly flatter.




                  4 quick and easy cakes—party pretty!


    [Illustration: Forget-Me-Not Cake]

    1 Frost cake with Betty Crocker Cherry Fluff Frosting Mix, saving 1
    cup for Decorator Icing (p. 9) _before_ adding cherries.

    2 Tint ½ cup icing light blue. Make forget-me-nots using #104 petal
    tip. Hold cone with wide end of tip on cake. Make petal. Repeat,
    overlapping petals.

    3 Tint 1 tbsp. icing yellow; make forget-me-not centers with #4
    writing tip.

    4 Tint rest of icing light green. Make stems using #4 writing tip.
    Make leaves using #68 leaf tip. Overlap leaves for border.

    [Illustration: Trellis Cake]

    1 Use Betty Crocker Fluffy White Frosting Mix, saving 1½ cups for
    Decorator Icing (p. 9). Tint rest pale green and frost cake.

    2 Make trellis using 1 cup icing and #4 writing tip. Make parallel
    rows about ¼″ apart. Repeat at right angles for trellis effect.

    3 Tint half of icing green. Make wreath of leaves all the way around
    the trellis using #68 leaf tip.

    4 Tint rest of icing yellow. Make small yellow roses (p. 10). Add
    green leaves with #68 leaf tip and stems with #4 writing tip.

    [Illustration: Daisy Frosting]

Bake a Softasilk Lovelight Cake for these gay frosting daisies.

    1 Use Betty Crocker Fluffy White Frosting Mix, saving 1 cup for
    Decorator Icing (p. 9). Tint rest pale yellow and frost cake.

    2 Use all but ¼ cup icing to make pretty white daisies around the
    border and sides of cake. Use #28 star tip.

    3 Tint part of icing light green. Make leaves, using #68 leaf tip.

    4 Tint rest of icing yellow. Make daisy centers with #4 writing tip.

    [Illustration: Gift Wrapped Cake]

    1 Bake cake in oblong pan, 13×9½×2″. Cut in half crosswise; split
    each half in 2 layers. Spread favorite filling between. Use 1 pkg.
    Betty Crocker Fluffy White Frosting. Mix to frost cake, saving 1½
    cups for Decorator Icing (p. 9).

    2 Tint ½ cup icing pink. Make ribbon and bow, using #104 petal tip.

    3 Tint ¼ cup icing green. Make stems with #4 tip; leaves with #68
    leaf tip.

    4 Use ½ cup white icing for blossoms with #104; use #4 for
    lilies-of-the-valley.

    5 Tint ¼ cup icing yellow. Make rosettes with #96 tip.




       A cake without Frosting is like a birthday without a cake!




                             Birthday Cakes


    [Illustration: Birthday Bouquets]

    1 Frost 12 to 18 cupcakes with Betty Crocker Fluffy White Frosting
    Mix, saving 1½ cups for Decorator Icing (p. 9).

    2 Tint ½ cup icing pink. Make rose (p. 10) in center of each
    cupcake.

    3 Tint ⅓ cup icing light blue. Make rosettes with #96 flower tip.

    4 Tint 3 tbsp. icing light green. Add leaves with #68 leaf tip.

    5 Make border around edge with #28 star tip and rest of white icing.

    [Illustration: Flower Garden Cake]

    1 Frost cake with Betty Crocker Fluffy White Frosting Mix, saving 1½
    cups for Decorator Icing (p. 9).

    2 Tint ½ cup icing yellow. Use ½ cup white. Cover cake with shaded
    pansies (p. 11) by putting icings into cone side by side (yellow on
    side of narrow end of tip).

    3 Tint ⅓ cup icing green. Make trellis around side of cake using #4
    writing tip. Add a few leaves with #68 leaf tip.

    4 Make rosettes with #96 flower tip and rest of white icing.

    [Illustration: Happy Birthday Cake]

    1 Frost cake with Betty Crocker Fluffy White Frosting Mix, saving 1
    cup for Decorator Icing (p. 9).

    2 Tint the 1 cup icing pink.

    3 With about ⅓ icing write Happy Birthday on top of cake using #4
    writing tip.

    4 Make a scallop border around top and bottom edges using #28 star
    tip.

    5 Use same tip to make stars around edge of plate (at least 2″ away
    from cake) for each candle. Connect with scallops.

    [Illustration: Circus Cake]

    1 Frost cake with Betty Crocker Chocolate Fudge Frosting.

    2 Divide Betty Crocker Peanut Creme Frosting into 4 parts; tint red,
    yellow, green, and blue. Make ring and animal stands around top of
    cake using #28 star tip and yellow frosting.

    3 Use animal crackers for animals, straws for uprights of 11″ paper
    canopy, and a candy stick for center.

    4 Decorate sides of cake with other circus attractions using #4
    writing tip and #28 star tip with the frostings.




                       Here’s a triumph for you!
                               Doll Cake


Bake a Betty Crocker Angel Food Cake Mix in a 10″ tube pan _OR_ bake
three 8″ cake layers and 12 cupcakes using 2 pkg. Betty Crocker White
Cake Mix. Set cake on a cardboard circle cut to fit. Trim just enough to
give a rounded effect for skirt. Wrap doll below waist with aluminum
foil or pliofilm. Set in hole in center of cake (for layers, cut hole in
centers so doll can stand waist deep).

To decorate: Make Betty Crocker Fluffy White Frosting Mix as directed on
pkg. Save 2 tbsp. and add 2 to 3 tbsp. _sifted_ confectioners’ sugar.
Tint rest of frosting light pink. Frost cake thinly saving 1½ cups
tinted frosting. Make Decorator Icing (p. 9). Use ¼ cup tinted icing
with #68 leaf tip to make 5 rows of scallop design for ruffled skirt.
Tint icing slightly deeper pink, use half with same tip to continue
scallop design. Tint remaining icing deeper pink and complete skirt. Use
#28 star tip with pink and white icing for flower trim on skirt and
nosegay.

Note: Cupcakes may be frosted to serve at party, in addition to Doll
      Cake, or make Petit Fours.


Party Petit Fours

Bake your favorite cake in a greased and floured jelly roll pan,
15½×10½×1″, at 350° about 25 minutes. Cool in pan. Spread thinly with
Betty Crocker Fluffy White Frosting, saving 1½ cups for Decorator Icing
(p. 9). Cut small shapes. Trim with flowers, scallops, ribbons or bows
to suit your fancy!




                  A cake’s party dress is its Frosting

    [Illustration: Doll cake]




                   Frosting makes a cake an occasion!

    [Illustration: Sugarplum Tree]

    1 For centerpiece shape cardboard cone 15″ tall by 10″ in diameter
    at base, or for a dessert, bake cake in tiered pans, shaving sides
    for tree shape.

    2 Frost with _stiffly beaten_ Betty Crocker Fluffy White Frosting,
    saving 1 cup for Decorator Icing (p. 9).

    3 Divide icing into 3 parts; tint in Christmas colors. Use #28 star
    tip for canes, #68 leaf tip in overlapping fashion for wreaths, and
    #96 flower tip for stars.

    4 To shape decorations by hand: Add enough sifted confectioners’
    sugar for easy handling. Use your own ideas.

    [Illustration: Easter Bonnet Cake]

    1 Use 2 pkg Betty Crocker Fluffy White Frosting Mix, saving 3 cups
    for Decorator Icing (p. 9). Tint pale yellow; frost 9″ layers on 12″
    base. Frost base to resemble hat brim. Make “straw” design by
    pressing fork into frosting.

    2 Tint 1 cup icing mauve with red and blue food coloring. Make
    ribbon using #104 petal tip. Frost double strip of foil for
    streamer.

    3 Tint 1 cup icing pink. Make sweet peas (p. 11). Make rosettes
    using #96 flower tip and ½ cup white icing.

    4 Tint rest of icing green. Add leaves with #68 leaf tip.

    [Illustration: Clown Cake]

    1 Make cake in 8″ layers, saving ¼ cup batter to pour in prepared 3″
    custard cup. Bake cupcake with cake _15 to 20 min._

    2 Use Betty Crocker Fluffy White Frosting Mix. Save 1½ cups; tint
    rest light green; frost cake, heaping frosting in mounds on top for
    ruffle.

    3 Frost cupcake white; set in center of cake. Top with frosted cone
    for hat.

    4 Make Decorator Icing (p. 9) with rest of frosting. Tint ¼ cup
    pink. Make hat brim and ruff using #28 star tip. Add white trim with
    #96 flower tip. Decorate with gumdrops.

    [Illustration: Valentine Cake]

    1 Bake cake in one 8″ sq. pan and one 8″ layer pan. Cut round in
    half; fit to square for heart shape. Use 2 pkg. Betty Crocker Fluffy
    White Frosting Mix to frost cake, saving 1½ cups for Decorator Icing
    (p. 9).

    2 Tint 1¼ cups icing pink. Make border using #28 star tip. Use #4
    writing tip for message.

    3 Make roses (p. 10) using rest of pink icing. Arrange roses
    attractively on cake.

    4 Tint ¼ cup icing green. Add leaves using #68 leaf tip and stems
    using #4 writing tip.

    [Illustration: Wedding Cake]




                              Wedding Cake


To bake cake: Heat oven to 350° (mod.). Grease and flour three layer
pans. Use 12″ layer, 9″ layer, and 6″ layer—1½″ deep. Make 2 pkg. Betty
Crocker White Cake Mix. Increase mixing time 1½ times. Divide batter
among pans—about ½″ deep in each. Bake 12″ layer _30 to 40 min._ Cool in
pan. Refrigerate other two layers until 12″ layer is done. Bake 9″ layer
near rear of oven _30 to 35 min._, 6″ layer near front _25 to 30 min._
Repeat above directions, using two more pkg. white cake mix, making a
total of 6 layers.

To assemble cake: Make 2 pkg. Betty Crocker Fluffy White Frosting Mix.
Put two 12″ layers together with frosting on serving plate. Frost sides
and top. Place 9″ cardboard circle on top; then the 9″ layers put
together with frosting. Make 2 more pkg. frosting mix. Frost sides and
top of 9″ layers. Place 6″ cardboard circle on top. Repeat with 6″
layers. Mix another pkg. frosting mix. Make four times amount Decorator
Icing (p. 9), using vegetable shortening instead of butter.

To decorate cake:

1 Make scroll design for border around top and base of each layer, using
      #96 flower tip.

2 Make swag design around layers, using #68 leaf tip in overlapping
      motion.

3 Decorate top layer with lily-of-the-valley flowers and stems with #4
      writing tip. Add leaves with #68 leaf tip.

4 Make roses (p. 10) and place around cake.

5 Select a special decoration for top of cake, such as bride and groom,
      lovebirds, wedding bells, or ribbon.

To serve cake: Remove top tier. Cut vertically around and through the
center tier at the edge of the 6″ cardboard round. Cut slices of cake
and serve. Remove the cardboard. Cut remaining round of cake in
wedge-shaped pieces. Cut bottom tier the same way, using the 6″
cardboard round as guide for cutting center of cake. _Serves about 70._




                      More fun with Frosting Mixes
                        _Quick Homemade Candies_


    [Illustration: Ribbon Fudge]

Make fudge as directed on pkg. using 1 pkg. Betty Crocker Chocolate
Fudge and 1 pkg. Betty Crocker Peanut Creme Frosting Mix. Pour into
buttered 8″ sq. pan, in two layers. Makes 64 1″ pieces.

    [Illustration: Crunchy Peanut Balls]

Make fudge as directed on Betty Crocker Peanut Creme Frosting Mix pkg.,
adding 2 tbsp. instant coffee. Stir in 1½ cups toasted coconut after
cooking. Drop with teaspoon onto waxed paper. Let set.

    [Illustration: Fudge Almond Clusters]

Make fudge as directed on Betty Crocker Chocolate Fudge Frosting Mix
pkg. Add 2 cups whole toasted almonds. Drop with teaspoon onto waxed
paper. Allow to set until firm, or chill.

    [Illustration: Marshmallow Malt Fudge]

Make fudge as directed on Betty Crocker Chocolate Malt Frosting Mix pkg.
Stir in 1 cup miniature marshmallows and ½ cup chopped nuts. Pour into
buttered 8″ sq. pan. When set, cut into 32 pieces.


NEW FROZEN DESSERTS

Frozen desserts, too, can be made from Betty Crocker instant frosting
mixes.


                            Frozen Fudge Pie

Bake a 9″ pie shell. Choose either Betty Crocker Chocolate Fudge,
Chocolate Malt, or Peanut Creme Frosting Mix. Make ½ pkg.[1] frosting as
directed on pkg. Blend 1½ cups whipping cream with frosting; beat until
stiff. Pour into pie shell. _Freeze_ until firm.


                            Chocolate Mousse

Make ½ pkg.[1] Betty Crocker Chocolate Fudge Frosting Mix. Blend 1½ cups
whipping cream with frosting; beat until stiff. Chill for several hours.
Serve in sherbet dishes, garnish with toasted almonds. _8 to 10
servings._


[1]Use other half pkg. for sauce ... directions on the pkg.


NEW FROSTING FLAVORS

To Betty Crocker Chocolate Fudge Frosting, add ...

  • ¼ tsp. peppermint flavoring or ...
  • 1 tbsp. powdered instant coffee or ...
  • 1 tbsp. grated orange rind

To Betty Crocker Fluffy White Frosting, add ...

  • 1 tbsp. grated orange rind and ½ cup finely cut-up coconut or ...
  • ¼ cup mashed ripe bananas or ...
  • 1 tsp. cinnamon or
  • ½ cup chopped nuts or
  • 1½ cups raisins, and 2 tbsp. coarsely grated orange rind.


                       Toasted Nut Fluff Frosting

Frost oblong cake with Betty Crocker Fluffy White Frosting Mix. Sprinkle
½ cup chopped nuts over the top. Just before serving, place in very hot
(500°) oven for _3 to 5 min._ or until lightly browned. Serve
immediately.




                _EASY-DOES-IT DECORATING SET FOR $1.00_

To help you discover the fun of frosting “glamor” cakes, we’ve assembled
this special set of professional-quality nickel-plated decorator tips.
You get all five tips shown on page 8, and a flower nail, plus three
sturdy plastic lined fabric decorating cones. To get your set, just send
$1.00 (no stamps please) to General Mills Inc., Dept. 145, 623 Marquette
Ave., Mpls. 2, Minn. Limited supply—offer expires Sept. 1959.




         _Betty Crocker_ has 5 perfect frosting mixes for you!


Isn’t it a joy to know your frosting _can’t_ fail—can’t turn grainy or
runny or too stiff? With our mixes, you can be sure of a perfect,
creamy-smooth, easy-spreading frosting every time. They’re lickin’ good!
And when you add up the cost of the ingredients you’d use, you’ll see
our mixes can save you money, too!

_Have you tried them all?_

    [Illustration: Fluffy White
    a glossy white 7-minute “cooked” frosting with _no cooking_!]

    [Illustration: _New_ Cherry Fluff
    glamorous pink, bright with red cherries and subtle almond flavor!]

    [Illustration: Peanut Creme
    smooth and delicate, with bits of peanut through it!]

    [Illustration: Chocolate Fudge
    rich, dark, and chocolatey—a true cooked fudge frosting!]

    [Illustration: Chocolate Malt
    smooth and creamy milk-chocolate-mild, with real malted milk!]


              “I guarantee a perfect frosting every time!”

_Perfect!_ Yes, every mix we make for you will come out perfect, or send
the box top to Betty Crocker, Box 200, Minneapolis, Minn., and General
Mills will send your money back.

                                                         _Betty Crocker_

    [Illustration: General Mills]




                          Transcriber’s Notes


—Silently corrected a few typos.

—Retained publication information from the printed edition: this eBook
  is public-domain in the country of publication.

—In the text versions only, text in italics is delimited by
  _underscores_.







End of Project Gutenberg's Betty Crocker's Frosting Secrets, by Anonymous

